Skip to content
New issue

Have a question about this project? Sign up for a free GitHub account to open an issue and contact its maintainers and the community.

By clicking “Sign up for GitHub”, you agree to our terms of service and privacy statement. We’ll occasionally send you account related emails.

Already on GitHub? Sign in to your account

Monthly PyLadies Meeting Notes: September 11, 2019 #14

Open
lorenanicole opened this issue Aug 13, 2019 · 0 comments

Comments

@lorenanicole
Copy link
Member

commented Aug 13, 2019

This template should be used (edited) the month prior and during the meeting. This will ensure we can address all topics added throughout the month; as well as provide minutes and follow up after the meeting is held.

Initial Details

Meeting Topics

Please add items as needed. If you add a topic please make sure to attend the meeting.

New Business

  • Review RFC and prepare next steps for moving the global board forward
    • Should we start recruiting more global pyladies folks?
  • Review the #9 feedback
  • Can we create Zapier account for PyLadies? So far our bots are all Zapier-powered, but using my (@Mariatta) account. It would be great to have PyLadies' own account. There is 15% non profit discount https://zapier.com/non-profits/. More discussion captured: #21
  • We need a policy to review logos #22 ! Also, should we trademark the PyLadies face logo? Per this list it isn't trademarked: https://wiki.python.org/psf/TrademarksCommittee/Trademarks #22
  • New PyLadies chapter requests (#7):
    • Ognomoso, Nigeria (lautech, Ladoke Akintola University of Technology)
    • Aba. Abia state, Nigeria (abiang)
    • Orange County, USA
    • Jakarta, Indonesia
  • How do we control Slack invites? #21
  • Automation for Slack info #23

Old Business: Follow up items from prior meeting:

  • Language on pyladies website #18
  • Again meeting time ... it's a WIP but we should try to get a hold on this #16
  • [ ]

Action Items and Assignees for Next Meeting

Action Item Owner Relevant links
Draft language for the RFC issue on how to select the board @lorenanicole #24
Draft language for the RFC issue on project pillars @lorenanicole #26
Data analysis on chapter surveys @lorenanicole #25
Sign up for free to join this conversation on GitHub. Already have an account? Sign in to comment
Projects
None yet
1 participant
You can’t perform that action at this time.